+ add CoC, Contributing, security, support docs (#418)
reworkd/AgentGPT: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Due to the nature of the fast development that is happening in this project, only the latest released version can be supported.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you find a vulnerability, please contact us on twitter @asimdotshrestha rather than creating a GitHub issue to allow us some time to fix it before it is a known vulnerability to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find a vulnerability, please either report a vulnerability [here](https://github.com/reworkd/AgentGPT/security) or contact us on twitter @asimdotshrestha. Please don't create a GitHub before contacting a maintainer to allow us  to fix the vulnerability before others can take advantage of it.
```
